you
no jobs no drugs rock'n'roll every
motherfucker is off the dole this
country who do we install wanna get in
these video just give knocker a call in
to decide everybody know how the fuck
will you do your phone are you on the
door because you are there's every focus
on these so fucking crazy I know this
guy called dammit never done a day's
work in his life you saw a fucking laser
that is crazy I've just named the shame
because it's the prick you've gotta
blame because this country is fucking
our jobs no moment I'm not being funny
but why did we stay here is never even
something it's easy to turn up every two
weeks they sign on you still get all of
you from another country when I come
dentist I test prescriptions all bared
take away every now and get an LED what
else you want the fucking med make
people work for the money dagger they'd
soon get a job I better sweep the
streets and make it a better place
employment rise and would be the kiss my
voice echoes practice you kids living
down on the song see and son get your
flight book to call me a better ground
ste crews has done it all the long
leaving a girl he loves at home I'm
staying here to give my daughter a
better life and they shall eat off my
wife moral of the story this country's
on its knees government annoying like
fleas thinking is like these happiness
pay all these fees left outside to
freeze throw where the keys still no
jobs even though you've got degrees
under em the government's neck and
squeeze two and a half million people
unemployed or will get you in their debt
you've got to avoid bailiffs coming
around taking your possessions and this
is a reason for all these repossessions
the harder your word the more the
government will get the less you work
the more benefits you get
bullshit are worn
no jobs no drug rolls every motherfucker
is of the dull this country will steal
your soul want to get any video just
give knocker a call this is decide
everybody knows how the fuck will you do
your home if you have a strand or a
sports injury call Warren Hut healing
touch four seven five one four five one
eight three two two two two if you want
to rock and roll bed to your van a roof
rack for your bum make sure you call
Marty from all seven eight eight five
eight nine eight six eight three two
four five show going out to bear Perry
and all the homies showing off the knock
you signed on design show going over to
Dean from Yorkshire drawing off the
knock you sign off the fucking sign
shows up Lauren pic buns in Turkey
showing off to knock your sign
so two consisted of showing off the
knock you sign on the homicidal joke a
bank a USA awareness a Atlanta show two
chords and tires at doing the Noctis I'm
Amanda Knox I'm Big Show to Bella and
Kelly been wet bed wet congratulations
to Paul like Jeremy shell green shell
green show - Rebecca long Greg keep the
no key signs coming on key signs calling
Bank is okey now showing off signs and a
stunt of Ewood Park he would OS in there
where some show off your knock you sign
on P no thank you though
warning
chuckles time
luck is bad luck is bad luck is fine
any cricket that Mugabe got one of my
pop rocks can I get sold all around our
murmur I'm Trey I look like girls Trey
do you think you get behind me uh
holo-room say okay